Make padding arbitrary-size and all-zero (#650)
mlswg/mls-protocol: draft-ietf-mls-protocol.md

answer Bob with a day of the week might find out the plaintext by
correlation between the question and the length.

The length of the `padding` field in `MLSCiphertextContent` can be
chosen at the time of message encryption by the sender. Senders may use padding

> to reduce the ability of attackers out side the group to infer the size of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to reduce the ability of attackers outside the group to infer the size of the
```
